[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: We still have the problem
pulling in React being a global module.
And we don't want to do that.
The other thing worth mentioning,
never modify bundle by hand, just FYI.
Just leave it out there and
let it run of its own.
Because as soon as you regenerate your
file, all of your changes get blown away.
So just leave but alone don't touch
it just, yeah, don't touch it.
Okay, so
I want to get rid of this global React and
I want to be able to pull it in locally.
So, let's go ahead and do that.
So up here in my title.js,
say var React = require react.
So remember we put dot
slash in front of MyTitle.
That's basically referring
to like I created this,
that this is my file that I'm pulling in,
right?
If I don't put that dot slash here,
it basically means that I have an npm
module that I installed right so
if you look at your package.JSON,
I pulled in React right?
So that will match up.
However your npm installed that
that's how you refer to it here.
I pulled in React and
I want to pull that into this file.
Okay?
So save that in MyTitle, and
then also go over to ClientApp.js.
You can get rid of this global comment,
because they're no longer
going to be global.
And we're going to say var
React = require(react).
And we're also going to pull in ReactDOM,
because we're using it down at the bottom,
ReactDOM = require react-dom.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So all we did is in client app,
we pulled in React and
ReactDOM and
got rid of the global comment.
And then in MyTitle,
we just pulled in React as well.
Something else to keep in mind is Webpack
is smart enough to not include like
include React twice, right.
It has one copy of React that's given
to both these different files so
you can require everything,
everywhere to not worry about duplicating
your code just keep that in mind.
It was a worry for me so I mentioned
someone else worries about it to.
And, this is just code or guy trying
to have all my requires at the top.
Shouldn't affect anything as long as
you're requiring React before you say you
refer to it, up to you.
Okay, so let's go ahead and
run webpack again,
we can just run literally
the same command.
>> Speaker 2: If you're pulling in
require, you don't need to the scripts or
the index, the index.html,
do you need to pull in React still?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, good point as well.
In fact, reactive will yell
at you if you don't do that.
So these two scripts up here.
Yeah, go ahead and just delete that.
>> Brian Holt: Right?
Because now everything's
being put into bundle.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so run webpack again.
>> Brian Holt: And so now you have
ClientApp, you have MyTitle and
then you have 158 hidden modules.
The word hidden modules makes me
like really frightened inside,
I don't know if anyone else but
that's just, that's all of react and
all of its dependencies as well
right now getting it included.
That's the hidden modules part.
And now if you look at public,
>> Brian Holt: Notice
this got way bigger [LAUGH] and
the reason why it got way bigger is
cuz React is actually a fairly
decent sized library.
But now if you come over here,
refresh the page, should still work.
And if you look down
here at your Network tab,
you are just pulling in one bundle and
that's it.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see,
I want to hard reload.
>> Brian Holt: Well, it's cuz of that,
yeah, whatever, that's fine.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: Great, so.
>> Speaker 2: Let's just take a show
of hands, like who got that point?
Anybody need help?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, anybody?
>> Speaker 2: Anybody
getting weird errors?
>> Brian Holt: If you're
getting a weird error,
there's a 90% chance that you're
not the only one getting an error.
So like never feel ashamed to ask like
my shit's broken, please help me.
>> Speaker 3: Can you show
how to do the rerun webpack?
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 3: Was it just the word
webpack?
>> Brian Holt: Webpack.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, so
it's the whole phrase.
>> Speaker 4: Do you have to run that
whole command every time because it's
specific to that bundle?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, exactly because
you have to tell it where to enter, so
we have to tell it,
please enter at ClientApp.js right?
Cuz that's the main file, the way you'll
be able to tell you your main file is,
your main file never has an export, right?
So you can't run a webpack on MyTitle.
In fact,
it'll yell at you if you tried to do that.
This says hey, I can't do this,
it has an export.
>> Brian Holt: It should, Jeez,
I guess that's no longer the case.
>> Brian Holt: Anyway,
it should never have an export and
then you also tell what
fire you want to generate.
But that's kind of annoying to have to
type that every single time, right.
So that's why we have npm scripts so we're
going to put that into an npm script and
never have to worry about it again.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
come back over in fact to your
package.json,
>> Brian Holt: Put a new line in there
that says build,
>> Brian Holt: And
then just put whatever we had,
we've been running right?
You can actually even just copy and
paste if that feels right to you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, save that.
This line right here, geez, don't do that.
[COUGH] Another helpful tip that
I kind of alluded to earlier.
You see these yellow squares, that means
that something I've modified since I last
committed, or if you see the plus
side of something I've added or
if you see the red arrows that
means things I've deleted.
So you can kind of see like the diff
of what we've been doing so far.
And there might be helpful for
you if you're trying to figure out
what I've changed one on the page.
>> Speaker 2: It might be
a good time to push and sync so
some of these people can
resolve their errors.
>> Brian Holt: Definitely.
I will do it right before I start
Babel which is the next thing.
Okay, so I'll save that, say npm run build
>> Brian Holt: Now you have to remember
the entry point or the exit point,
you just say npm run build and
everything works.
Also a good time to run npm test, see
what we've broken and luckily I didn't.
I've done a good job.
So, that's good, all right.
So I'm gonna push up
a new branch real quick.
>> Brian Holt: 4 right yep.
>> Brian Holt: Oops.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, good.
push origin fem-4.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now if your
stuff is broken, just go ahead and
grab fem-4 and
you should be back on the same page as us.